Update thermostat.rst (#2041)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/climate/thermostat.rst

      - platform: thermostat
        name: "Thermostat Climate Controller"
        sensor: my_temperature_sensor

>         default_mode: heat_cool

Reviewer: I think we should strike this and keep the examples as simple/minimal as possible.

      - platform: thermostat
        name: "Thermostat Climate Controller"
        sensor: my_temperature_sensor

>         default_mode: heat

Reviewer: Same as above

      - platform: thermostat
        name: "Thermostat Climate Controller"
        sensor: my_temperature_sensor

>         default_mode: cool

Reviewer: Same as above

  - ``dry``
  - ``fan_only``
  - ``auto``
  

>   This value is used if you flash your device for the first time. This means that if you want
>   your thermostat configuration to start in a certain state, you should configure this. If
>   not configured, you have to change the mode (once) via e.g. the UI of Home Assistant.

Reviewer: Let's re-word this so it's more consistent with the terms/phrasing we use in the community. Here's a suggestion:

```suggestion
This value is used the first time your device starts after ESPHome is initially installed onto it. Add
this option into your configuration if you want your thermostat component to start in a climate mode other
than ``off``.  If this option is not configured, you'll need to manually change the climate mode later via
the front end (Home Assistant), an ESPHome action, automation, or from within a lambda elsewhere in your
device's configuration.
```
